Dear all,

Grades for assignment 1 have been released on moodle. 

Grades rubric:
P1 - part for linear regression section (2 grades), ridge regression section (1.5 grades), classification section (3 grades) -> Total 6 grades.

Full grades are awarded when the correct code, running according to part 4 - Evaluation is present, mse, mae & observations are reported and graphs are plotted.

0.5 deducted from each section if not running as mentioned.

P2 - part for other sections of assignment -> Total 5.5 grades

This includes sci-kit learn (1 grade), feature selection and plots after selecting features (1 grade),

generalization and visualization (2.5 grades) (0.5 grade each for - (i) normalization, (ii) 4 sizes of train data, (iii) two halves of train data, (iv) plots for corresponding score values, (v) generalization analysis with plots),

report including update equations and observations (1 grade) 

Full grades are awarded when the code, and reported values of loss, plots, and observations are present and observation and understanding are found ok in the demo.

Competitive part total points - the sum of linear regression points, ridge regression points, and classification points. (This is based on distribution of performance among submissions)

 

linear regression points - points for the performance of linear regression predictions as compared to answers that can be found here

1 grade if sum of mse and mae is less than 37.99

0.75 if sum is less than 39.99

0.5 if sum is less than 50

0.25 otherwise

if the code wasn't working properly and needed changes, for the predictions submitted in demo - 

0.33 if sum is less than 50, 0 otherwise

ridge regression points - points for the performance of linear regression predictions as compared to answers that can be found here

1 grade if sum of mse and mae is less than 37.99

0.75 if sum is less than 39.99

0.5 if sum is less than 50

0.25 otherwise

if the code wasn't working properly and needed changes, for the predictions submitted in demo - 

0.33 if sum is less than 50, 0 otherwise

classification regression points - points for the performance of linear regression predictions as compared to answers that can be found here

1 grade if sum of mse and mae is less than 65

0.75 if sum is less than 69

0.5 if sum is less than 73

0.25 otherwise

if the code wasn't working properly and needed changes, for the predictions submitted in the demo -

0.33 if sum is less than 73, 0 otherwise

Bonus - Full grades are given when all other parts are complete, and the correct code is present. 

Regrade request can be sent in this form

Request can be asked for a section - ex only the linear regression section of P1, but please see that all parts mentioned in the rubric of that section are present.

Please read comment / feedback if present before requesting.

The deadline for sending regrades is 21st March, Tuesday. 

The percentage and weightage of the grades mentioned in moodle for the total of coursework will change later.